Addition of OwnerData and OptionalCompanyData to the output of bills/getAll (#378)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

## 17th January 2023

> * Deprecated AssigneeData in [Get all bills](../operations/bills.md#get-all-bills) response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated `AssigneeData` in [Get all bills](../operations/bills.md#get-all-bills) response and replaced by new object `OwnerData`
```

> * Extended [Bill customer data](../operations/bills.md#bill-customer-data) with `CustomerID`, `LegalIdentifiers`, `BillingCode`, `LastName`, `FirstName`, `SecondLastName`, `TitlePrefix` and with [Address](../operations/bills.md#address) fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extended [Bill customer data](../operations/bills.md#bill-customer-data) with `CustomerID`, `LegalIdentifiers`, `BillingCode`, `LastName`, `FirstName`, `SecondLastName`, `TitlePrefix` and with [Bill address](../operations/bills.md#bill-address) fields.
```

> * Extended [Bill customer data](../operations/bills.md#bill-customer-data) with `CustomerID`, `LegalIdentifiers`, `BillingCode`, `LastName`, `FirstName`, `SecondLastName`, `TitlePrefix` and with [Address](../operations/bills.md#address) fields.

Reviewer: I might also add:
* Deprecated `ItalianFiscalData` in [Bill customer data](../operations/bills.md#bill-customer-data).

> * Extended [Bill company data](../operations/bills.md#bill-company-data) with Owner Data `LegalIdentifiers`, `BillingCode`, `Name`, `FiscalIdentifier`, `AdditionalTaxIdentifier` and with [Address](../operations/bills.md#address) fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extended [Bill company data](../operations/bills.md#bill-company-data) with Owner Data `LegalIdentifiers`, `BillingCode`, `Name`, `FiscalIdentifier`, `AdditionalTaxIdentifier` and with [Bill address](../operations/bills.md#bill-address) fields.
```

> * Extended [Product](../operations/products.md#product) with AccountingCategoryId.

Reviewer: Should this be here? There are no changes to products.md

# Changelog

> ## 19th December 2022

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is an accurate description of the changes, but I have raised some questions below about the changes, those should be resolved first before re-examining the Changelog description.

## 17th January 2023

> * Deprecated `AssigneeData` in [Get all bills](../operations/bills.md#get-all-bills) response and replaced by new object `OwnerData`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Deprecated `AssigneeData` in [Get all bills](../operations/bills.md#get-all-bills) response and replaced with  `OwnerData`.
```

* Extended [Bill customer data](../operations/bills.md#bill-customer-data) with `CustomerID`, `LegalIdentifiers`, `BillingCode`, `LastName`, `FirstName`, `SecondLastName`, `TitlePrefix` and with [Bill address](../operations/bills.md#bill-address) fields.
* Extended [Bill company data](../operations/bills.md#bill-company-data) with Owner Data `LegalIdentifiers`, `BillingCode`, `Name`, `FiscalIdentifier`, `AdditionalTaxIdentifier` and with [Bill address](../operations/bills.md#bill-address) fields.
* Extended [Payment Items](../operations/accountingitems.md#payment-item) with `AmountDefault`.

> * Deprecated  `ItalianFiscalCode` and `ItalianLotteryCode` in [Bill customer data](../operations/bills.md#bill-customer-data)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Deprecated  `ItalianFiscalCode` and `ItalianLotteryCode` in [Bill customer data](../operations/bills.md#bill-customer-data).
```
